JinSoul: We left home at 5 in the morning
JinSoul: And now 7 PM
HaSeul: It’s already been 14 hours!
JinSoul: 14 hours?
HaSeul: Good job~
Kim Lip, JinSoul & YeoJin: Thank you~
HaSeul: Our eighth member Choerry also has a lot of charm
HaSeul: So I hope you will give her a lot of support and love!
(You might wonder which members will be included in the second unit of LOOΠΔ)
(Unfortunately, there’s nothing has decided yet!)
(Anyway, please give a lot of love to them!)
HaSeul: Congrats on your debut, Choerry!
YeoJin: Let’s get along well, Choerry~ Love you!
(Choerry working hard while members trying to cheer her up!)
(Choerry’s single album photoshoot has ended!)
Choerry: Thank you for your work!
Choerry: Hello~ it’s the eighth member of LOOΠΔ,
Choerry: Choerry!
Choerry: I’m going to work harder from now on. Thank you~
(Please look forward to upcoming episodes about Choerry’s music video shooting!)
Choerry: Well done today! See you!